
Questions About the Couple
What is the attire theme for the couple’s ceremony? (formal garden party)
Where were the couple when they realized this was something more (Ezoo, but we could accept “a rave” as an answer)
What song are the lyrics inside Jojo’s ring from?
What animated movies do the couple love to watch? Say at least one! (Mohana, also Frozen)
This spot is where the couple had their first date. (pretty sure it was Cosimo's Trattoria & Bar, aka just saying Cosimo’s)
This special date is when the two got engaged. (July 13th, 2024) (right?)
These are the couple's nicknames for each other. (Bran and Joji?)
This is the place the couple loves visiting the most (Disney World)
This destination is where the couple will go on their Honeymoon. ( )
This is the couple’s go-to karaoke song, they sing together (Summer Nights)
Who said “I love you” first? (I think it was Brandon?)
These hues are the official color palette of the wedding. (Pink and green)

Questions About the Bride
What is Jojo’s favorite hot sauce? (sriracha right?)
Back in the day, this was the bride’s first job ( )
This is the bride’s go-to coffee order ( )
What’s at least 1 food item Jojo always orders from the late-night GF restaurant on DoorDash? (mozz sticks, garlic bread, chicken tendies (maybe we do bonus points lol idk)
What is Jojo’s master’s in (integrated marketing communications)
What dorm building did Jojo live in freshman year of college? (Champagnat Hall, aka “Champ”)
The bride's engagement ring is in this cut. (  )
What is the Bride’s go-to cocktail (doesn’t include wine) (dirty martini?)
The bride is most likely to indulge in this self-care activity. (reading)
What sport did the bride play growing up (track?)
If the bride could go on any reality show, which one (RHW of Salt Lake City or Summer House?)
What store does she spend the most at? ( )

Questions About the Groom
When is Brandon’s birthday? (09/19/1997)
What music festival has Brandon attended the most? (Electric Forest OR Ezoo.. i think it’s tied damnit.)
What is Brandon’s middle name?
What is Brandon’s favorite food?
What is the Groom’s favorite sport? (either football or soccer, I think?)
What sport did the groom play in high school? (soccer)
What would you typically find the groom doing outside of work as an enjoyable activity (playing video games)
How many tattoos does the groom have? (1?)
What is the groom’s secret talent or party trick? (  )



The Zoo
What was Jojo’s childhood cat named? (Franny)
What was Jojo’s childhood dog named? (Splash)
How much does Charlie weigh?
How old is Charlie?
What are at least 2-3 of Charlie’s nicknames? (Titi, Charles, ….. )
This number is the estimated amount of toys Charlie owns ( )

General Wedding Trivia
What is the most popular destination spot for a bachelorette (Las Vegas)
These "somethings" are the four things a bride needs on the wedding day. (What is something old, something new, something borrowed, and something blue?)
This British monarch originated the tradition of white wedding dresses. (Who is Queen Victoria?)
Brides in India often wear this color instead of white. (What is red?)
These two months are tied for the least popular months for weddings. (What are January and February?)
This is the most popular day of the week to get married, with 70% of couples choosing this day. (What is Saturday?)
Ancient Greeks believed that this item protects the bride from evil spirits. (Veil)
Couples bury this alcoholic drink to ward off wedding day rain (Bourbon)
The RSVP acronym stands for this French phrase. (Répondez, s'il vous plaît)

Famous Couples
Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt started dating after filming this movie together (Mr. and Mrs. Smith)
This Game of Thrones couple got married in real life in 2018 (Kit Harington and Rose Leslie)
When Beyonce married Jay-Z, she had 70k of her favorite flower at the wedding (White orchid)
This famous couple hosted a wedding for their bulldogs (Chrissy Teigen and John Legend)
How long was Kim Kardashian married to Chris Humphries? (72 days (can be a ballpark guess)
This U.S. President met his First Lady at a Chicago law firm (Barack Obama)


